Music
Welcome to Meltdown Comics from Hollywood, California.
Harmontown is now in session.
Music
Tonight, the role of Spencer Crittenden will be played by Erin McGathy.
And the role of Mayor will be played by Dan Harmon.
Music
Thank you very much.
There's some points of order to be made.
Now, here's one of them.
To our friends at MeUndies, who are not, I don't believe they're not paying for any advertising tonight,
but I want to address them.
I have a problem at my home with my underwear, which is the following.
I have two dogs, adopted by Ms. McGathey and myself.
The two dogs are now in my charge.
The smaller of them, Nigel, eats the underwear.
I'm asking MeUndies if I can have another box of MeUndies,
because I've gotten two shipments from them and I still own two pairs of underwear that are functional.
However, so that you understand that I'm the victim here.
Dan, please figure out how to throw your underwear or put it in a hamper or something.
Don't leave it on the floor.
The dog loves you.
He wants to eat your piss and your shit.
And that's true.
Yes, you're right.
I'm trying.
I'm trying to learn.
I don't enjoy not having underwear, but I just want to create a map of the cosmos for you to understand.
You should feel sorry for me, because here's the thing.
This little fucker eats, he didn't do this when you were around.
He started eating all the furniture when Aaron and I started divorcing.
Ads up.
Ads up?
I'm just trying to, I don't know if I should do an impression of Spencer or I'm just trying to be Spencer.
I, for one, would like to hear you try.
Okay.
Yeah.
That happens.
Oh, that dog, that dog eats all that underwear.
Yeah, that dog, that dog really does that.
Maybe you shouldn't leave it on the floor.
So this little fucker, he eats the fabric that was touching where my penis.
An asshole are, because he loves, he's a dog.
He thinks that's my wallet.
He thinks that's my, he thinks that's a locket.
In dog terms, they call that flavor country.
Yeah.
You notice they sniff your crotch, they sniff your butt.
They're going like, oh, hello, Carl.
I see you're allergic to coffee or something, you know, like they're thinking, all right.
So, so he eats, but he eats perfect, perfect holes right where the junk and the trunk are.
And so here's the thing, just so you understand that I'm a victim.
Two separate holes or one.
Two separate holes.
He eats a junk hole and a trunk hole.
Yes.
It just sounds like he wants you to explore a new fetish.
Try not to get ahead of me here.
So here is the part where you say, Dan, I feel bad for you.
It's not out of property loss, which I'm asking the undies to, maybe they could reimburse.
I don't know if the reimburse is the right word.
Re-up.
Bail out.
It's a bail out.
And you don't need to go.
Yeah.
I got a variety pack last time.
Let's, let's, let's target the boxer briefy more things like the bikini style ones are only good for an Instagram.
No, no, no.
What, what are you, what are you rocking right now?
I don't, probably a good old fashioned cotton pair of, of Calvin Klein's that are one third the softness of Modal.
As, as, are you saying that me and these are too delicious for dogs?
Well, he never ate the crotch out of my, no, I don't want to start that business.
I don't want to, I don't, I don't want to, I don't want to be one of those people.
Like when the iPhone came out, people are like, did you know the screen gets degraded faster when you eat pizza?
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not an alarmist.
I'm a futurist and I'm a, and I'm an underwear softness advocate.
I wouldn't even, even if I thought that was the case, I would, I would pull back on that information.
I'd be like a tobacco company.
I'd be like, come on, let's get all the data.
Here's the thing.
So my soon to be thrown over a historical wall housekeeper who is terrified right now.
Wait, don't, don't you and I have the same housekeeper?
What's that? Yeah.
We have the same housekeeper.
Is she, is she documented?
I don't, I'm not going to fucking ask.
Yeah, well, so.
She's coming to my place tomorrow.
So, so plan for the worst, hope for the best.
Yeah. Like I've, I've, I've, I've.
You're not going to sell her out, are you?
No, I'm going to, I'm going to.
You just, you just threatened to throw over a historical wall.
I said soon to be, I didn't say soon to be by me.
I'm building a fucking wall.
It wasn't my platform.
I'm not a sociopath.
I'm not a, I'm not a fucking kleptocratic fucking like pathological monster man.
I'm a monster man.
I didn't, I didn't, I didn't run for the dumbest job in the world
after failing at nine slightly worse ones.
Well.
Born into a trust fund.
And a show that started with you complaining about how your free underwear
gets eaten by your, your rescue dog.
We also just bonded over that we have,
we have the same possibly non documented housekeeper.
Right. Yes.
And you'll, well, you notice I'm not like, yeah,
I'm not going like, what about my housekeeper?
I'm just saying she's part of this story.
Now imagine what she's going through.
Right.
She came to my place one time after coming from your place
to clean my place after cleaning your place.
And she looked really, really shagged out.
She looked really tired.
That, I had to be when Aaron was living.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, you guys were together back then,
but that's not, that's not the point.
She's like, I think Jeff, thank you for letting me in.
I go, how you doing Sophia?
And she's like, I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I go, why?
And she goes, do you know Harvey?
Cause you're golden doodle.
I go, yeah, I know Harvey.
He goes, and she, she just like puts her backpack down in my kitchen
and she starts to like get like, like start washing the dishes.
She goes, Harvey, he, he eats all the trash.
He eats all the trash.
But that, I mean that Harvey would do that once in a while,
but very intelligent dog.
What?
He learned, he learned.
He picks up, he's a very empathic dog, Harvey.
Nigel is a fucking disaster.
Nigel is just like, look, you talk to parents,
they have a favorite kid, they won't admit it.
They know that's bad parenting.
You're not supposed to do that.
They have a favorite kid.
They like one kid better than the other kid.
That's well, that's, that's not well documented.
Sophia probably is.
Let's assume so.
And, but you don't, you don't say, but it's, we all know it's true.
You have a favorite kid, especially if one comes from a breeder
and is amazingly intelligent.
The combination of two thoroughbred species of a breed of dog
that are renowned for their intelligence,
and the other is just a mishmash of rescue crap from Echo Park.
Just a, just a fucking...
Aren't, aren't much notoriously more savvy,
like because, because of the, the, the broader gene pool?
Not when the, no, that's like, applies to like,
oh, let's mix a shelter with a, with a, with a, with a Jack Russell.
So, so maybe he'll, maybe he'll...
Jack Russell's the fucking worst.
Don't get too fucking sidetracked, okay?
Like, you're, you're supposed to be the anti-tangent guy.
You're supposed to keep me on rails.
Oh, that reminds me.
I was having an enchilada today.
And I'm fucking it.
And I mean, fucking it.
So here's the situation.
So imagine when I open my underwear drawer.
I imagine this every morning.
And the underwear drawer is basically full,
even though I'm like...
And then I pull out, I pull out each pair of underwear
and it's got this hole in the crotch and hole in the butt.
So here I am, a man deprived of his property by his,
his mutt.
And his housekeeper is folding,
neatly washing and folding,
because she thinks I'm a fucking sex monster.
Wait.
I can't, I can't have that conversation with her.
Hold up.
How many pairs, how many, multiple pairs, not just one?
Like, every fucking pair that's ever touched the floor.
From meundies. Only from meundies?
I think maybe no. He's got, I think maybe he, I don't, look,
I told you I didn't want to get into that.
I, I have a lot of questions.
I feel like he's got, no, I have, I have cotton underwear
that has this treatment done to it.
Are you trying to...
I do think it's possible that the modal,
which is a fabric, a three times softer than cotton.
Let's do a free, let's do a free ad for them right now
because we're not even supposed to do an ad for them today.
I believe we are.
I would say, I would highly recommend this underwear.
I would highly recommend you get a dog from a breeder.
No, I'm kidding.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
And figure fish kids.
You know, Anne Frank kicked a cat once.
It didn't make the book.
She loved burgers.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Not a villain. She's not a villain.
She's a human being.
But you're saying that you have a rescue dog
that's going around eating the,
the fetus and butthole out of all of your me and these underwear.
Yes.
And then your Guatemalan housekeeper
looks at them and thinks that you're probably a bad person.
Yeah, well, yeah, she, and she, and forgives it and says,
oh, this is my job. This is my Latin life.
I'm a Santa, like, Cicnaughty.
But when Aaron and I, we could say,
when Aaron and I were first dating,
we'd been really dating when we were platonically friends
and I was going,
if I could make it through this platonic friendship,
maybe I can sell her on the, on the, on the great stuff.
We would, we would, we would, we would party at night
and like, and I had a, I had a mustache.
I had a mustache.
It was my mustache when I was, for Halloween,
was Gomez from the Atmos family.
And then Aaron loved, Aaron, you loved wearing my mustache.
I loved it. I did love it.
I don't think I've ever seen you happier
except on your wedding night,
which I wasn't there for because we got in a fight
and I wasn't at your wedding night,
but you used to wear my mustache
and you were so pleased by that.
She would, oh good, sorry.
Oh yeah, I felt, yeah.
I don't know what's happening again.
I'm falling for that great stuff.
This magic moment.
The, uh, you had spirit gum the mustache to your lip
and they just said it wasn't like a cheese ball thing.
It was like, it was a really good mustache.
There was a month where we were living in like a,
like a James Spader 80s independent film
where the three of us would just hang out
and drink and play party games
and I would wear the mustache and no pants and just tights.
Woo!
And I used to eat the Pussy and Asshole
out of all of her tights.
The point of this flashback being that
Sophia,
on absolutely more than two occasions
because we were doing like a lot of all-nighters
and then pass out and like,
I wasn't working on community.
And she would find bags of drugs everywhere.
She always finds bags of drugs everywhere.
But when I was first dating Erin,
very often, more than twice,
like because Monday night would be like,
like up till four or maybe pass out up till six, whatever,
and then Sophia would come over at 8.30 Tuesday morning.
So on more than two occasions,
we'd be asleep downstairs on two different sofas
and she'd walk in and the things she'd see
would be two bleary-eyed adults
realizing someone was coming in,
both of them sitting bolt upright,
one of them a woman with a mustache.
And then we'd quietly excuse ourselves
and head upstairs and go out for a Bloody Mary.
But then the mustache,
which would have been quickly ripped off
and kind of left on the kitchen bathroom sink,
I would always then, she would neatly clean it
and put it in its case and put it in a drawer.
Next to the bed.
Because she's like, I get it.
I don't get it, but I get that I don't get it.
I'm north of the wall.
These are not wildlings.
These are corrupted folk.
These are elitists.
They have to go further.
I had a broken garbage disposal
and a broken microwave oven door
like for a week.
She came in, I woke up in the morning,
she left, they worked.
Well, you better be prepared to fucking hide her
and battle to the death.
I will.
Battle skinheads.
All right, good.
Harvey, eat all the trash.
I want you all to protect your housekeepers.
All right, now Dan.
It's war.
Dan, do you think...
It's about values.
Do you think me undies is a good underwear company
or a worse underwear company
that the fact that it's delicious to dogs.
I don't think it's delicious to dogs.
It stops fretting that rumor.
I think that my shit and gross crotch pheromones
are delicious to Nigel.
And I think it's possible, I'll go this far
and say it's maybe it's possible that whereas
when he eats, when he does that with the hains
or the shitty, the cotton underwear,
that basically they kind of get torn apart
and it's like just shredded
and it's unmistakably dog-eaten underwear
that the housekeeper throws in the garbage,
that Modal, probably what keeps it three times as soft
is that it's very slightly knit.
You have a strap on peg fetish.
So he's able to, he's like, it's like a corn on the cob.
He just like makes a little circle.
He's like a little Yosemite Sam robbing a pirate ship
with a saw.
Dan, it's been a year and I've, you know,
some memories fade and some memories stick with me,
but for some reason the image of your dirty underwear,
I know exactly what it looks like.
I have so many, everything.
It's such a...
Yeah, it looks delicious.
It's like a candy store.
Yeah, me and Nigel used to fight over it,
like Lady and the Tramp and the spaghetti.
Eat. That's not fair, yeah.
So, if Meundee's is listening,
I promise I am not,
because I would think that they would have a chart on there
while they go, how many Meundee's have we given him?
Is he selling them? Is he being jaded?
Is he some kind of weird like guy that would take product
and then he would sell it and like,
no, I'm not one of those people.
You know, like, I could name a couple people
that are those people,
but that wouldn't prove I wasn't, that would just...
Am I just lazy?
I've never gotten...
I've done 9,000 Meundee's ads.
I don't have any Meundee's.
I'd never worn them.
Am I...
Am I supposed to call up, like,
Meundee's and say, where's my...
Where's my Undee's? Who do I talk to?
Just have Levy hook you up, man.
Because I eat the... I eat the penis and butthole
out of my own Undee's.
You're gonna love these things.
I promise you that.
The thing is, we're not actually doing an ad right now.
No, we're not. This is an actual relationship.
An actual platonic relationship.
Do they make it for gals, too? Is it just gentlemen?
They sure do.
You and your loved one can wear matching underwear, even.
Is that right? Yeah, that's true.
Where's my Undee's? I don't have shit.
We just told you.
Levy will hook you up.
Now you have to make the decision to move on or...
Or do what America is doing right now.
If I cared so much about it,
I would have got on this earlier.
But now that I realize that they make dogs
want to eat the butthole out of them...
Have we talked about this thing where it's like,
I'm trying to rise above, you know, I'm like,
okay, what's my job? Have some humor about it.
But what's normalizing? What's going numb?
Well, ignoring this.
So, okay, I gotta make jokes about this fucking Hitler situation.
This Hitleration.
This situleration.
With the Bannon-Goebbels and the fucking whole thing
and the goddamn fucking family of the damned
staring into the camera.
He's not going to do that...
Who are you talking about?
So anyways, I'm not a political person.
I'm a humorist.
You're one of the leading satirists of our time.
I'm like a Jonathan Swift or Will Rogers.
You're like a Lily Tomlin.
Sometimes this crosses over into politics if it's Ocaron.
But I try to keep things light.
So you make a joke. Oh, and knock knock, who's there?
Trump's a fucking fascist dictator. We're all going to die.
We're all going to die.
Trump's a fascist dictator. We're all going to die.
We're all going to die. Who?
I don't have to answer that question.
Your door's been removed from its hinges by...
Oh my God!
Sophia! Sophia, no!
So, see, you guys came here to see a podcast.
You didn't know that you're going to get biting, trenchant political satire like this.
No, this is social media observation.
You make the comment, you do the joke.
I got like, oh, knock knock, Trump's a fucking fascist dictator.
Some people are still responding.
They got like, oh, I think a fucking fascist dictator is somebody who deletes your emails.
Thank you very much.
Do you know how elections work?
She's not going to hang out like Mimi and Drew Carey.
That's not what happens to the loser in elections.
She doesn't just sit in the lobby and be like, oh, I'm worse.
She's fucking gone and you're going to miss her.
She's in the woods, literally. That was the last sighting of her.
I hope she starts making honey or jewelry.
I hope she writes a book and it's just like, oh, I hope the title is noted.
Or just like, I can take a hint and then the whole book is just like fucking, yeah.
You want to see a bitch?
You want to not trust somebody?
I hope it's called Good Luck and it's 200 pages and it's just like GDG for like 20 pages.
It's just like, good luck.
And the letters get smaller and smaller and smaller.
And the last picture is just Bill holding acorns.
Holding acorns.
This is a question that no one can really answer.
I mean, I'm assuming that Bill really wanted her to win.
But do you think part of him was like, yeah, in your face?
In your face.
Because he's a guy.
It's not as easy as it looks.
I'm going to make the assumption that the ninth time she caught him cheating on her,
he was like, yeah, but you know, you could get to be president.
As I ask anybody that wrote on community, it's like the phrase,
you'll thank me at the Emmys became a running joke.
By season six, they had caught on.
You're not going to win an Emmy.
And at this point, I wouldn't thank you at them.
I should not have to bring a toothbrush to work, sir.
It's Yahoo.
You never close your eyes anymore.
Rubik's Steven Merchant.
Lucas, would you stand and sit down for a moment?
Jesus.
Can you grab a mic?
What does that really mean? Can you?
It's so far down.
I'm curious, I'm going to give some space to...
I'm curious, I talk to tall people, like for the listeners,
we've got a very tall, very handsome, good...
Thank you.
Gentlemen, it's like...
He's like a Kiba Schaffer from Lonely Island who was like on the Knicks.
So tallness, like, you know, like, so what is there?
I'm afraid to tell the truth, no matter what it is,
like, just inside, it's not the same as you saying,
you should feel sorry for me or anything like that,
just inside your actual emotions.
Do you feel hurt when people just, like, joke about it at all?
It's... every single interaction in my entire life is all that only.
So is that... is that troublesome?
It's kind of like you wish you could...
I don't know if I can, like, every single experience,
since the time I was, like, five, has been shaped by the fact that I'm tall,
so I'm just, I guess, used to it.
Do you ever play that card in a conversation with black people?
Oh, definitely.
Like in a comment section, it's always going,
what do you... what do you mean, blue lives matter?
That's the most offensive thing, and you're like,
hey, I know what you mean, all right?
Yeah.
Do you feel compelled to distract from your height?
Yes, that's why I'm wearing this shirt.
I know.
Well, it might be an actual attempt.
We might find out that this takes two inches off the optic nerve,
because it's like, by some principle, we don't know about that.
You've researched, you and three guys in a club in, like, London.
Well, it's like, since everyone only talks about how tall I am,
it's nice to let them talk about something other than that sometimes.
Wow. That makes sense.
Did you go through a big, like, growth spurt, like a painful growth spurt?
I have always been very tall.
I was 11 pounds seven ounces when I was born.
What?
Yeah, I was six foot in fifth grade.
He was such a tall baby.
How tall was he?
He was such a tall baby that he didn't finish being born
until his third birthday.
That's great.
That's like a Play-Doh Fun Factory in this motherfucker with this guy.
Lucas was such a tall baby.
How tall was he?
That when he was an infant, when he went to Disneyland,
families agreed to meet around him if they got separated.
They actually do. They actually do that.
They absolutely do that.
Lucas was such a tall baby.
How tall was he?
There was still snow on him in the summertime.
Lucas was such a tall baby.
How tall was he?
He's not allowed to go to zoos because the drafts will be insecure.
Lucas is such a tall baby.
How tall was he?
To this day, he was the only...
He was the only fetus allowed on roller coasters.
I'm not allowed on some.
That's what I was going to say.
I bet you aren't allowed on a lot of shit.
Harry Potter at the University of the Light.
You're too tall. You will get your head cut off.
That's fucked up.
Lucas is so tall that his dick has its own dick and is bigger than your dick.
It is proportionate.
I love that that's like Lucas' slam.
He gets so subtly and says, it all works together.
What do you do?
Let's stop doing tall jokes for a few minutes.
They use him to change the Liberty Torch.
Lucas, do you live in LA? Are you Los Angelinos?
I moved here about a year ago.
From where?
From Oregon.
Still on his way?
Two.
Were you followed here by your blue ox?
Nice.
You fucking monster.
I'm a human being.
Let's do a segment called, the things we should know about Lucas.
A segment called, we're sorry, Lucas.
It's okay.
Now that he's been gracious about all that, his reward should be that we find out some non-height-related things about him.
What band are you in?
I'm not in a band. I do paint.
You don't play stand-up bass.
No. I play sit-down bass.
What do you do?
I paint and I'm an actor at Universal Studios.
Great. What do you do at Universal Studios?
I am a character.
Now, I was once too. What do you do?
I'm a few different things. I'm a who at Christmas and I also am the warm-up act for the animal show, if anyone has been there.
It's very Harpo Marx. It's like a silent clown type. I do a lot of mime and mess with guests.
I'd, for a summer or two, did, I was Harry from Harry and the Hendersons and Frankenstein.
That's good. Yeah.
Now, this is not a height thing, but you would be too tall.
I am too tall. The tallest character in the park is Megatron and height cap is 6'6".
So, I'm allowed to be the atmosphere character that's just like, you're a policeman. I can do that.
Because I was Harry and the Hendersons and the dead of summer wearing a yak fur and latex mushroom.
Oh man. Yeah. Mushroom.
I feel really bad for the people who are shrek.
Oh my God.
It was the hottest thing. You were just pouring sweat, but inside the big feet of the big foot of the Sasquatch, there was like metal high heels in it.
I'm 6'4", I'm just like a shade under 6'4". So, in that, in the head, I was like, probably 6'10".
But I got one day, I got to play Frankenstein, which is the best, because you just wear a nice suit.
Yeah, a nice suit and like platform heels.
Yeah. And also, nobody fucks with you when you're Frankenstein.
Oh, definitely not. Yeah.
And they bone out? They don't want to hang her.
Someone stuck a wand in the mummy's butt.
That seems like an awesome 80's Gary Newman song.
I got my wand inside. Inside the mummy's butt. I like my wrappings. I like my stick.
When I was Harry, Harry and the Hendersons, it was my own eyes that you could see through the mask.
And the jaw would work. And you were supposed to be kind of a comical, like lovable character.
But nobody really screwed with you, because you're so big, and there's this big latex padded muscle suit.
Yeah.
And it's a thousand degrees outside. And you're dying. You're dying.
You're dying.
And you're making $10 an hour the fucking hard way.
Wait, I think you meant Randy Newman, didn't you? I was doing Gary Newman.
Did you mean Randy Newman?
Gary Newman.
Someone put a stick in the mummy's butt. It sounded more like a Randy Newman song.
Let's hear Randy Newman talk about putting a wand up the mummy's butt.
You got that stick now, don't you, little boy?
What you gonna do with that stick when you don't know what to do?
You got a stick in your butt.
Like that.
Tall people.
Yeah.
Thank you.
But it was the Japanese businessmen would come up, and they would blow smoke into my mask.
They could see human beings' eyes in there.
And they would get in their tippy toes and go...
And then a couple times, just take their hand and try to ram it up Sasquatch's butt.
And I would just shove them as hard as I could, and then run off like I was being a bad Sasquatch.
I've told the story before. I was a Captain Crunch during either their peak popularity as a serial or the Valley.
I don't know what would make them...
This was at the short-lived General Mills Serial Theme Park.
The promotional campaign was Who's the Real Captain?
There were multiple captains wandering the city of Milwaukee.
There was another tour.
And one of the other captains...
Wait, you're not joking?
No.
I thought this was a bit.
I've told this story, but you've also talked about being Harry and the Henderson.
So it's recycling night at Harmontown.
I was a captain, and there was another guy who was a captain, because there were multiple captains.
We'd go around going, I'm the real captain.
No, I am the real captain.
And we had the big costumes with the spray-painted mesh mouth where you're looking out of it.
We went to Winterfest, and they put ice skates on us.
And they said, why don't you go out there?
And the kids were like, there's six-foot pillows on ice skates.
Let's attack.
My childhood is incumbent upon me.
It's my patriotic duty to ram these fuckers into oblivion.
Throw them down and watch the turtles trying to get up.
What did they want to happen?
It was just like, if you've survived Pearl Harbor, I don't know why you think I'm trivializing your experience, but it was, to me, it was my Pearl Harbor.
Dan, I remember when you told me that story, and for some reason I was so impressed.
It is impressive.
I was Captain Crutch.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's fucking impressive.
Look, also, you skated.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Like, that's hard.
Skating for it.
Well, when you're in Milwaukee, it's like you're sliding everywhere anyway.
And so then somebody's like, put these blades on.
You'll go faster.
And they're like, OK.
So Lucas, right now, you're correct.
Hey.
I just got to finish the story.
Oh, sorry.
So one of the kids kept bombarding us.
And one of the captains, my friend, I was near him and he grabbed one of the kids.
And the mouth is like right in front of the kid's face.
And he said, if you skate into me one more time, I will break your fucking arm.
And if you tell anybody I said this, I'll deny it.
And I think he was the real captain.
That's when I figured it out.
I don't know if they ever gave us an answer, but.
That might have been Admiral Crutch.
All right.
So now continue.
So you're currently still doing costume work and like character stuff up at university?
Yes.
Currently we're preparing for Grinchmas.
Grinchmas.
Ah, Grinchmas.
Copyright problems there?
Can't just.
Yeah.
Christmas is completely taken.
No, it's because we don't want to.
It's because we don't want to trump things.
We don't want to say, wait, what happened?
We don't want to say Christmas.
We don't want to say Hanukkah.
So it's Grinchmas.
Yeah.
But we sing Christmas girls.
Do they still do the Westworld Waterworld?
Waterworld.
Yes, Waterworld.
I know.
It's still happening.
It's not a great movie.
Waterworld, very, very beautiful movie, very successful ride.
And I'll tell you something.
I heard what you just said.
You're going to be saying Christmas.
They're going to be saying Christmas.
They're going to love it.
We're going to go down there.
We're going to make them say Christmas.
Hugely.
So tall.
Tall.
But more to it than that.
Ironically, working in a theme park, the height doesn't figure in.
The guy playing Megatron and Harry from Harry and the Henderson's,
when you walk by wearing an ill-fitting bell-hop costume, they go,
what's with the tall guy?
You're too tall to be the tall character.
I'm too tall to be the tall character.
I can be the other atmosphere.
I can be police officer, British palace guard, train conductor, like those ones.
Right.
But you can't put on the Franklin sign.
But they're like, shaggy, 6'2", and you're like, he's a cartoon.
Do you have a big dick?
I already mentioned this.
I said it was proportionate.
I don't want to say things out loud like that.
He said he has a proportionate to my height.
Well, that's, okay, big dick then.
Sure.
Because mine is not proportionate.
How not proportionate is it?
Legally, I'm required to call it a nipple.
Den's dick is so not proportionate to his size.
How not proportionate is it?
There's never snow on it.
Callback.
No one ever agrees to meet in front of it if they go to Disneyland.
My dick is so not proportionate to my size.
How not proportionate is it?
To this day, I still don't know if I'm circumcised.
Because just the regular amount of skin.
Still turtlenecks around it and comes to a little brunch swagger.
No.
Dance.
Go ahead.
Erin, you might be something of an expert on this topic.
A dance dick is so not proportionate to his size.
How not proportionate is it?
I feel uncomfortable joking about it.
How beautiful is it?
No, Dan, I love you.
It's beautiful.
How beautiful is it?
It's so beautiful that it needs to be beautiful.
I don't know.
Sorry.
I just wanted to get in on the boy fun.
My dick is so beautiful.
How beautiful is it?
It's in the background of three Terrence Malick movies.
Lucas, you said that you're also not just an actor, but what else?
I also paint.
You paint?
What sort of painting do you do?
Mostly scenes from video games.
What media?
Acrylic on canvas.
Really?
Scenes from...
So like pixel paintings?
I recently did a painting of Pallet Town from Pokemon if people play Pokemon.
So I drawed a grid on the canvas and then I paint it by hand.
He tried doing landscapes, like traditional stuff, but the teacher would be like,
that's just a plane.
I told you, I told you look out the window.
Oh.
Why is it that we think it's okay?
To comment about this, and it's the only physical thing you can.
Well, no, I was going to say, we had our friend Collin on here.
He's a little person.
Dwarfism.
Obviously, we don't feel quite as...
We range in our like, oh, if they make it okay for us, we can ask them questions about the latitude
and the effect and all the things.
But what is it about height that's like, because it doesn't really...
You can't kill a mammoth any better than anybody else.
Definitely not.
Well, we feel like, oh, you know, he's fine, he's fine.
Like we must be feeling that or we wouldn't feel okay.
Like, are you faster?
Are you...
Definitely not.
I feel like your heart's probably like, you know...
Dying?
Yeah, it's like...
There's probably risk involved.
There aren't a lot of tall, old people.
Really?
See, I know...
That was sad.
Look, it's like being like just shy of 6'4".
I'm at the threshold of I can just fit into most like roller coasters.
Yeah.
I can sit and coach without being miserable.
Right.
But right at the edge of that.
So like, coach for you is probably a bummer, right?
It is a bummer.
If you get Southwest and you board early, you can get the exit row.
Yeah, but you have to.
Yeah.
You got to.
What about roller coasters?
Yeah, what about roller coasters?
I love roller coasters.
Because I'm wedged into most roller coasters.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, I just don't go on them.
You don't even do it.
Yeah, I just don't bother.
Because it's like...
Because like, if I wait in line for an hour to get on the coaster and then they're like,
you can't go on.
And I'm like, oh, great.
And the goddamn nightmare of any theatrical situation at all.
Even me.
I'm aware, you know, I'm 6 feet.
Like, it's like that dread of like, you walk into an already filled auditorium or picnic
outdoor like thing where people are sitting or something.
And it's just that those comments like, oh, God, no.
Yeah, I know.
I apologize to this lovely gentleman behind me.
I was like, I'm sorry, but I am.
And the guy he's running to is an African-American gentleman.
And how happy are you right now that he's on stage and not sitting in front of you?
It's okay, because he looks back and he goes, I'm sorry.
I'm like, you look great though, dude.
I have taught Guy Guilt about going to concerts and stuff.
Like, I stand in the back.
Yeah, I have that guilt, but it doesn't hold me back from living my life.
I love it.
I mean, you're still a white man.
Oh, I know.
Lucas, Lucas, if we, do you have like an Instagram or something like that?
We can follow your art and we can get people to buy something.
I guess I do have an Instagram.
King Lucas Lee on Instagram.
I don't know how to Instagram.
King Lucas, L-E-E.
L-E-E, yeah.
All right.
Let's check it out.
Maybe we'll get one and like hang it on the wall here for our harm attack.
Lovely.
I'll pay you one for free and bring it next time.
All right.
Your free ride is over.
He's coming back down.
Let's hear it for Lucas, everybody.
Thank you.
Oh, you can still see me.
And it's all about this view.
But as I, that is interesting.
I don't want to, I don't want to, but that is, I told, that didn't even, that was the
last thought I had was like, oh yeah, women.
Like, like, like you, like, like, it's, it's always the last thing I think of before
I, like, house keys, women.
Well, like, if you, if you're like a six foot seven woman, you're going to, you, you
probably, you're an experience of a completely different thing.
It's not like tall person, short person.
It's like there's an additional layer of like, of course.
Yeah.
I wanted to ask Lucas, and you could nod yes or no, but I was curious if like, if
people, because I was thinking about that exact same thing.
Like if he was female, women, like a very tall woman may worry about whether or not
men are fetishizing their tallness.
Like they have a crumb fetish.
You told me on one of our first dates that you, you know, like you, you, you have to
wonder whether the, the, the, like a lot of guys ask you out, but you're always wondering
if they just want to climb you.
Yeah.
Like I have, I mean, less so now.
Well, I don't know.
Like from time to time I've had a, I've had a crumb body, like big thighs and I feel weird
describing my body.
I think you were speaking from a place of.
Of tallness.
And also that, that like, uh, I think you were referring possibly to the phenomenon of
like.
Smaller men.
Gentlemen of a smaller stature, uh, seeming to have a proclivity.
Yes.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Which is a weird, which is a weird line across if you're attracted to somebody and then
you're like, well, is it am I a fetish for them?
Do you, Lucas, do you experience this?
Sometimes yes.
I don't know.
You're asking from the perspective of a lady, right?
No, no.
For you.
Do you ever, do you ever have any, can you tell when someone's like, oh, this is, this
is a tall chaser.
This is a building chaser.
I don't date much because people don't see me as a person a lot.
Aw.
aw.
I know guys don't loveOG series.
But I think, I think, I think, yeah, I don't know, there might be a disparity there, but
then I think about it, I'm like, yeah, probably not.
Like I think you're evenly dispersed, like men and women who would either have a problem
with that or not have a problem with that probably.
Yeah, I think as long as it's like consensual and not secret, like that's cool, as long
as someone's not hiding their, their deep, I don't know, as long as they, they don't,
they like the person as, as well.
Well, what if somebody was going out with you and they said like, oh, I just love how
you're, I don't know, they said something really specific physically about you and it
was like something that felt temporary.
What if they said, you know, it's like, isn't that the thing that's always being, people
suspect is not being said, like, like, or the, like, oh, I think he might like me.
He talks about my, how hot my body is.
Like red hair.
Red hair, red hair, you can buy in a bottle, you can, it doesn't, it's not, I'm talking
about the terror of like, oh, my boyfriend loves my ass, he loves my, he's always talking
about my ass, like, well, he's not just talking about its existence, he might be talking about
its state of being, at that particular time, that must be fucking horrible.
I, I, I have to find my own shame before I worry about like, my, my, my body and that,
that takes a long time and, and, and then I look really bad, like, I just, I'm just
like, I have to like, have difficulty breathing in my sleep before I'm like, I should lose
some weight, or I'll see myself from 90 degrees, like, profile in a Facebook live video talking
about Trump getting elected and I'll be like, it just looks like a mountain of, of, of,
of leaves, it's like a, a shambling mound, squirrels hiding things in him, but I don't
do anything about it, I got an elliptical in my living room and it's just literally like
sitting there since the day it was assembled, just waiting, just going, what did I do?
Have you ever used it?
I literally have not used it.
How long has it been there?
I don't know, man.
Steve, how long has it been there?
How long has the elliptical been there?
How long since you also found a laptop holder so I could play Minecraft while I was on the
elliptical, thinking that might get me on it.
I think I bought that before the elliptical, yeah, it's all set up and ready to go.
I bought you a tracksuit, that was part of the whole journey.
I want to know more about this tracksuit.
What color is it?
Wait, did Jeff tell you get, get up there please?
No, I did not.
He just fucked it up.
That's awesome.
What?
He just stormed the stage, just signed it up, going, flavor, flavor, flavor, flavor.
All right, well, I mean, maybe as a loving audience, we could all help you get on the
elliptical.
There's a fine line between that and Fatty Fatty 2x4, yeah, like a bunch of people chanting
you need exercise is like, but it's not about your weight, it's just like a healthy thing
to do.
Is it true that you can't make it through the cellar door?
I got a, the tracksuit was the final thing, I was like, I don't have an outfit, am I supposed
to, the neighbors are going to see me with my dick coming out through my holy underwear
and my asshole, they're going to see me in this weird, like, is that Depeche Mode exercising?
Is there a, when we do raps, when you do kicky baby dance, that's like being on the
elliptical.
It's certainly the exercise I currently get.
Yeah.
Or if I tell a story where I'm especially vexed by election results, after a little,
I do this and then like 10 minutes later, you'll be talking and I'll be like, why don't,
why don't my body thinks I was swimming, why don't Steve and Aaron and Spencer and I
like to start coming up with long, like 20 minute, kind of medium tempo rap beats, where
you have to do the kicky baby dance the whole time and then.
I think if everyone was just chanting about how adorable you were, you would exercise.
While I was exercising, yeah.
If everybody was like, if I woke up one morning and I was like, where's all the attention?
And then I could hear it coming from downstairs and it was like, it was like a video game
or a tutorial where I had to get on the elliptical in order to get the attention and I was like,
it started coming in like an incremental clicker game, like that's how I collected cookies.
It's exercise time at Harmontown.
We want you alive.
When you wake up in the morning and you need to move to, to, to, take your mama to the
basket.
Like be the little feet kicking in the air.
Every bird is gonna go to the market soon, be, be, to, to, sign your mama in the order
to do.
I want to fuck your mama's butt, I want to do it in the rut.
Yeah.
Little upper, upper body spin.
I just smelled his pits.
He's not gonna do that.
Shits came out of his own pits.
He hasn't taken a shower in a while.
His girlfriend went out of town for a while.
He's been playing Deus Ex for a while.
That game's pretty hard on the medium difficulty.
Now knees up, knees in the air and knees in the air.
Now elbows to the side.
Now elbows nice and wide.
Now knees up once again.
Count to ten.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
But dance while you're counting.
Again.
You just burned four calories.
Yeah.
All right.
Hit.
What that song reminds me of is my own mortality.
We're all gonna die.
I will make whatever I just burnt off back by,
I'll just lick something back there.
I have ways of scrounging for calories
that people don't even know about.
I find truffles.
I just find truffles.
People don't know that Dan makes most of his money by being a truffle finder.
We just did a joke about Dan Exorcimer.
We were like, no, no, I will not say pig.
Couldn't ever.
All right.
Was that that?
Sorry.
That was you, not me.
Well, no, no.
All right.
Well, so you're not going to get divorced twice.
There are people here that want to present you with this thing
that you tangentially, well, I just had them come out,
are friends from Carrot Top?
Carrot.
Carrot Top.
Our friends from Carrot Top?
From Carrot.
Thank you, Steve.
What's up, Dan?
My name is Anthony and this is Claire.
We've never met, but we've worked together before.
We work for a company called Carrot Creative.
Does that ring a bell?
I'm familiar.
Yeah.
You guys do all this great stuff for adult swim like here.
Wizards of marketing.
Put that on my tombstone.
So.
That would be good marketing.
Yeah.
You're very dedicated.
It takes a strong marketer to volunteer his tombstone space.
I'll just be vaporized into the ground.
I'm not going to have the benefit of a tombstone.
Anyways.
Pass the savings on to a larger tombstone.
Yeah.
There you go.
I'm not even going to die.
I'm just going to get lost like an elf in Middle Earth.
But I still want that fucking big ass tombstone.
Yeah.
There you go.
So the first project we ever did together was something called the Rick and Morty Ricks
Diverse.
Has anybody ever heard of that?
Instagram account that you can waste a lot of time on.
And we actually won an award for it from Cannes Lions from Cannes France.
It's an international award.
So it's not.
It's not an Emmy.
It's not the Emmy you're getting yet.
But we have a Cannes Lion for you.
This is your award.
A Cannes Lion.
This is for you and Justin and for everybody at Starburns.
It's working on Rick and Morty really hard.
It's like I said, it's not an Emmy, but it's heavy as hell and it's made out of real bronze.
You were saying it's like the Academy Awards for advertising, right?
Yeah.
As lame as that sounds.
But it's still a big deal.
Jesus.
Look at that.
But why do I get one?
I didn't do the commercials.
Well, I mean, you had to approve everything.
You can get an award for approving things?
You're part of the team.
I remember at Comic Con a couple of years ago, you gave extensive notes.
I gave no extensive notes of that thing.
These guys had it unlocked, man.
I don't deserve this.
I'm going to give this to clinically tall people.
Accept your award with grace.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't.
Okay.
All right.
That was my Wisconsin thing.
Yeah.
You shouldn't deflect a compliment, but at the same time, I just want to.
Thank you so much.
This is so nice that you would think of me and give this to me.
Thank you.
I'm just saying the system is fucked.
Well, yeah.
But I mean, it is through you that we can do things like this,
because any other show creator be like, I don't care about any of this.
But like, it was because you guys and because you're passionate,
we get to keep doing it.
We've done two different expansions for it.
There might be some more coming up.
We can't technically say, but.
Sounds like there are more.
There's stuff coming up.
So I mean.
There's more.
And when is season three coming out?
What's going on?
I was going to ask you to say.
Oh, shit.
It seems to be taking a while.
It's just drawings.
I think you can.
Why do you keep making Facebook posts?
Just make season three.
Yeah.
I'm tweeting like, oh, yeah, we elected a Nazi.
Hey, just shut up.
Get back to work on season three.
They're drawing it.
I don't draw it.
Why don't you just start approving things faster, Dan?
Maybe that is my approval usually gets on the way.
It took stealth approval to finally make me nail it.
I should just let people do what they were already doing.
It's real fun to kiss.
I can say that.
It's not a Clio, but.
Oh, it's better than a Clio.
It's so much.
This is international, man.
Yeah, yeah.
That's like more than one country.
Yep.
It's like a beautiful, sexy, sleepy lion.
What is it about?
Like, like, like, what's your what?
I talked to a lot of marketing people and at the risk of offending any of the ones that
have worked with me on anything, like, because I don't talk to a lot of good ones.
Like, you guys are clearly like, you're on your shit.
Like, you're thinking about this stuff.
And it's like, what is the, what do I want to ask here?
So I want to ask a question that the answer can get through to like young people that
want to go into marketing or young people that shouldn't go into marketing who should
hear it and go, oh, that's not me.
I should be a cowboy.
What is it?
What is the, at its highest art, you know, like, what is the, there's something fancy
to say about, you know, like the guy in chariots of fire goes, when I run, I feel God's pleasure.
So you can't use that.
What is it about marketing?
What is it?
I don't know what I'm trying to ask.
Just say something.
9-11.
No, it's not.
Okay.
I thought that was about 10% 9-11.
That's right.
Everything is, let's face it.
No, but like, I don't know, you're just kind of take over for me.
Do good.
I mean, it's, this is kind of a hard question to answer for this specific thing.
What Dan's asking you guys is to market marketing.
Yeah.
Sell us on being in marketing.
Gotta think outside the box.
I mean, well something like this, it's hard for me to even say it because it's for something
so specific like Rick and Morty that we were all passionate about and huge fans of before
we were even like twinkles and adult swims eye.
You know what I mean?
I was such a, just a huge fan of everything.
And just, you know, I remember my buddy of mine running into my door room and talking
about, you got to see this thing.
And it was Heat Vision and Jack and like all this other channel 101 stuff.
So it's just the fact that I'm able to work on something that, that I love so much.
That's part of it.
So you're not always be able to get to work on something that you love.
Like I have to work on a lot of like Facebook ads for credit cards to get to Rick and Morty.
So I guess what I could say is like one part of it is giving a shit.
And then part of it is like working your way towards, you can get to something that you
just love and you're able to work on it because you're not going to get it right away.
You might not get it for a long time.
It took me a long time.
Unlike Claire, who we hired just for the Rick's first.
So this was her, her first job out of school.
I'm a brat.
Sorry.
Claire, was it your pitch or did you pitch using Instagram that way?
Oh, 100%.
It was on me.
It was like 10,000% a team effort.
And I actually, at the very beginning, wasn't even brought on until like halfway through
production when we realized like, oh shit, we still have a lot to do and this is launching
in a month or whatever.
Carrot tells all their female employees to say that.
It was her idea.
She's, she's being a team player.
Anthony and Claire, you came at a pretty propitious moment because speaking of marketing, Dan and
I are marketing a whole new line of workout tapes.
It's called the baby kicky dance.
You guys got to get up there and do it.
One, two, three.
And a one, two, three.
I don't, I don't understand.
Well first, you lift your award up to the sky.
You raise it up with your right hand high.
Then you go down to the left side, lift it up on the left side.
Pass that over.
I can't, I don't think it's.
Dan, you're acting like you don't want to sell these workout tapes.
I can't, I couldn't hear you.
I was being hilarious.
I think you were saying bend over and pick something up off the floor and exercise deal breaker.
Because I'm going to have another workout tape called learn how to listen.
I can't hear.
I'd learn how to hear.
My ears are dying along with the rest of my body.
How old are you guys?
You guys dying?
Definitely.
Can you feel it in your brain?
We're all technically dying.
Are you?
To quote Duncan Tressel, God is a murderer.
But are you, are you starting to forget actor's names?
Like you're just trying to riff.
You're like, ah, and then you take 10 minutes to go.
Ray Don Chong.
It's more that I'll see things online or like bands and like Saturday Night Live,
better on Saturday Night Live.
Like I don't know who that is.
I don't care who that is.
Well, yeah.
Okay.
That's emotionally dying.
Yeah.
Well, that's curmudgeonry.
That's that's those are the beginning stages where you're just like, oh, I already did this.
That was called in excess.
And then you're like, like, like, I don't know.
I already saw a Spiderman movie for God's sakes.
But then you slowly, then you start to go like, I don't even know what I'm doing.
And then you go to a Marvel movie and you're like, that was great.
And they're like, you already saw that.
I wrote part of it.
And I'm like me and Stan Lee are just like, all right, great.
Excelsior.
I'm acting like I'm just fine.
I really did.
By the way, I really didn't.
I really did not write it.
People are tweeting me and going like,
He's being humble.
He wrote the whole thing.
There were parts that have felt like it was you.
I know, but that's the thing.
Like if you could think about anybody and I just really like I'm a writer and I don't
know, my worst name would be those, the people that worked hard on that movie,
the writers of the hearing that they, like, I did not.
There's like a couple of words Tilda Swinton says when she's showing him the
mirror dimension or something that I think accidentally got in there from like a
bad version of a scene.
I wrote, like, I didn't, I didn't, I just talked to them about, about portals
and stuff for a little bit.
But let me ask you this.
Let me.
And they already shot like most of the movie when I talked to them about portals.
So I'm not even saying I gave them the idea for portals.
I'm saying like, I was just like, yeah, portals are neat.
And they're like, yeah, they're like holes.
But doors.
And I was like, yeah, you got it.
So let me ask you this because it's something that I'm sort of on the other side
now for once because of this project.
Like the fact that you got to touch the Doctor Strange movie, you got to say
things that, write things that Tilda Swinton said.
Like, does that still make you feel something inside?
More than ever.
I mean, especially the more, I think the longer you've worked.
I guess maybe you get desensitized if you, if you, if you wrote for, I don't know,
like, I don't know if you were like super duper, I guess if you were Josh Whedon
and then somebody was like, hey, Bob Denver from Gilligan's Island wants you to
write a commercial for him.
And I guess maybe you wouldn't be less than Starstruck.
No offense to a probably dead, Bob Denver.
But I just, I, but, but, but there's no way.
Like at 43, it was like, it was more like, it was like in those biopics when the,
when like that, the shitty, like, you know, like weird character that can't get a break
or that like spends his life like saying, we should grow a corn on the moon or
something like, and then it's like, it was like a, it was like a triumph.
It was great.
Cause it was like, yeah, no, I don't even know how to, yeah, of course it was amazing.
Cause that's the thought of it was, I mean, that's what this was to me.
The fact that I was able to sort of touch Rick and Morty, be able to write in this
voice and be able to write these comics to be able to name like an alien.
I'm like, Hey, does this alien have a name?
No.
Can we call it this?
Sure.
Like I got to name the alien.
Like something like that as somebody who like, not just as like a person, but a
creative person because I started advertising.
Did you approve that name?
I, somebody did.
Here's the thing.
That's really noteworthy.
Like that, that stuff, all that stuff in that Rick's diverse, all of the stuff.
And I assume that they generally are using you guys for all of the stuff that I'm
always noticing.
I'm going like, wait, some, some person like just, they just made that up, but it
kind of falls in line with, with everything.
Like it never violates the, it's not about violating the cannon as much as it is
violating the.
Violate that cannon.
Marketing, marketing.
That cannon, that cannon does the violating.
It, it, it's, it's, it's violating that though the worry would be violating the
tone, the, the, the tonal IQ or something like that.
Like, oh, this isn't worthy of, you know, it's like, oh, this is like a hacky joke.
Like someone's just connecting a dot because, oh, that guy's a pencil vester.
So of course they made Penn Stephanie or something like that, where you're just
like, well, that's not the, no, just don't, don't do that.
Like, like,
We keep to the code.
What's that?
Yeah.
Like, and that's, that's not easy when the code isn't just linear dot connection,
you know, when it's not like, oh, now you play.
Like it's like collaboration.
You guys like fill in with, you're just, you're, you're keeping with the actual
like tone of the, yeah, it's very impressive.
That shouldn't be, that shouldn't be overlooked.
And obviously some French people didn't overlook it.
Claire and Anthony, Anthony, right?
Yes.
What's like, can you give us like, is there any like dirty underbelly of marketing,
like kind of mad men stuff that goes on?
Like what, what, what goes on in marketing?
Well, specifically for the can line, it's always a big deal because it's the
international stage that there's just, it started, people show their true colors.
There's a woman out there called Cindy Gallup that you should follow because
she's like, I don't know what she's specifically done, but she's like the,
like badass woman in the advertising industry.
And she's exposing people.
So like with the can lines, there's a number of different awards.
A lot of it, cause we won for the entertainment lines, which is pretty cool
cause it's all like entertainment.
That's what everybody's all excited about.
But I mean, everything, billboards, print ads, email marketing,
they all have lions categories.
And especially like the print ads, there's always, there's like ways to get in it.
There's, you know, all you gotta do is you gotta run your ad one time in one
random magazine and one random country in order for it to be approved.
And you can qualify for a line.
And then some of these things win because it's always like crazy provocative stuff.
And there was one for some headache brand.
It was for like their PM product.
And I can't, I'm paraphrasing here, but essentially the concept was,
give your wife this drowsy making headache product,
and then you can have sex with her while she's passed out.
And they gave that an award.
I think I remember that.
I think it was a Jella Pudding Pops commercial.
Right.
So, so that got like all these people that are like, oh, that's funny.
Check it off, check it off.
And so it's one thing that they're like, the judges aren't necessarily looking
to like, well, is this real?
Where did this run?
Is this, was this actually approved?
It's just those be like, and then they're right off.
So not only is it offensive that one, this fake thing won an award,
but it's also in a way it's offensive that these guys just sort of looked
at the, the, the creative concept, which was rape.
And they're like, yep.
And then just checked it off.
So I mean, and what Cindy's doing and like just pointing people out,
putting everybody to task, putting me to task, any male in advertising the task
as we rightfully should be, especially now, it's just like, hey, this is kind
of fucked up that we think this is funny.
So there's things like that.
There was another one that was like a fake app.
It was this, it was in this, one of the same categories
that the Rick's first was also up for, which we didn't win,
but this fake app won because it was, it was pulling cashed images of Google Earth
in like the metagradian sea.
It's like, oh, you can spot refugees.
And if you spot one, press a spot and then we'll let somebody know about it.
But it was fake.
Like it didn't work.
They launched it like a week before the ads actually went up
and the actual app didn't even work.
Sad. What was it, was it Levi's or what was the?
I think it was actually a charity.
Oh, so it was actually just a, it wasn't even like, oh, this was a well intended,
but it'll concede like ad for Snickers bar.
I don't think they put their name on it.
It was just like con artistry.
Yeah, I mean, it's, well, yeah, I've always felt like I'm not qualified
to actually say this, but I've always, always had the suspicion
until we went to white nationalism with this last election.
Like I always had the suspicion that, that we had our thing going on over here
that we were like the Las Vegas of Earth, that we got this open book,
that we are dwelling among the, the legacy of the promises we made
and dealing with the fallout with our free press and our, and, you know,
having invented television and then inventing the culture that was based on it,
having diverted from monarchy and any preexisting class system
into a pure like crazy ass, well intended, but totally fucking like
out of control capitalistic class system that, that, that we were over here
kind of like working all this shit out and everybody in Europe is like,
like holding their pinky out when they drink their tea and going like,
yeah, well, fuck those guys.
So racist, so sexist, so out of control, so stupid, such gun nuts, all this stuff.
But that then every once in a while on Facebook, you see this thing that's like,
look at this detergent ad that this country just did.
And it's like a woman puts a Chinese guy in a washing machine
and because she uses their detergent, he comes out as a big black guy
and fucks her brains out.
And that won an award and won that same, not the exact same award,
but they have a very similar statue.
And it's kind of like, like, like, and then you, and then you saw,
I also saw, because I clicked on that thing and I was like, oh wait,
and it was also a derivation of a different version of the same ad
where it was also kind of like slight racial components
compared to like how color is good, protect your color.
Anyways, like, I, it's like, like, I think, I think a lot of shit over there
is like in the catacombs and like, like, like not bubbled up yet,
like, like that they're not ready at all.
And now, now I'm just in a full blown panic because it's like, I thought,
my, my consolation was always that we were, we were the clumsy nutcases
that we came over here, like, to this weird, like, witch burning colony
where we were like, let's work that out.
And then we're like, oh, people in Africa look different.
Let's work that out.
And I was like, oh, let's build it.
It's like everything we ever did was just like foot and mouth,
head up ass, like, like burning both the candles of being a jackass
at both ends.
And like, while everyone watched and was like, we know how to do it better
because we still have a crown in a case somewhere in a museum.
But now I'm just, now I'm just fucking terrified.
Because obviously we were, that wasn't the story.
That's not what was happening.
We were, we, we, we, we, we for 200 years, all we did was just rebuild
our own little ad hoc kind of fucking, like, little, like fucking,
shitty little petitions.
Well, congratulations on the award.
Yeah.
I mean, as frivolous as all this.
That was the weirdest acceptance speech I've ever heard.
He never thanked you.
If you were hired to sell America, but your demographic was not Trump supporters.
He figured out how to sell America to, you know, a certain kind of customer.
And it turned out that was the strategy that worked with the electoral system
and blah, blah, blah.
If you were, if your job was just to sell our country post-election,
like, you know, like Chipotle probably had somebody come in.
Another quality.
Okay.
And that guy said, you need to focus on, on salsa.
Yeah.
Any ideas that have to put you on the spot?
Like, where would you start?
You'd like, you gotta, so who, who are we selling America to?
We're selling it.
So let's say Martians.
Like, I don't know.
Like, like, but, but they can distinguish between countries.
They're going like, we're going to, we're going to destroy earth,
but we're going to leave one country left.
Let's try that.
Like, like, like, they're like, show me what you got.
The Martians, the Martians are going, there's 250 countries.
All right.
You guys, you guys fucked up.
Like, Mars is like, we have, I guess we have less oceans because we just started speaking
Martian.
And so, like, we, you guys need to clean this.
So, so your, your job, America sent you as the marketing guy to the up fronts.
So the first thing, um, we're probably in, in competition with, let's say the bigger
countries, nothing against like all these, like, nothing against Denmark.
Nothing against Malta.
We're, yeah, they're not going to offer anything to Mars.
It's going to be us, China and Russia.
What do we got?
Uh, we got some pretty kick ass mountain.
It also depends on what they're going to be using America for.
Like, we've got some pretty, we've got some halfway decent infrastructure.
Like the internet sucks balls, but other than that, like we've got some pretty.
Show me what you got.
High waves.
Some pretty solid highways.
All right.
Um, pretty solid.
We all have that.
That's how it would.
I would have started with, I would have started with jazz and rock and roll and shit like that.
Well, that's the other things we have to know before we can sell America.
We got to know about the Martians.
What are they looking for?
Are they looking for like pure natural resources?
Well, I got a shitload of oil in Texas this weekend.
Do you hear about that?
Did you hear about that?
They shouldn't.
I can't believe they didn't start looking for it there.
That's where I go for all my oil.
They're probably post oil at this point.
Uh, I, well, I did think, yeah, you're right.
I didn't specify, but I think it's interesting that you, that was a tech attack that I didn't
even think about it.
First of all, you, you're very practically intact.
I'm the first thing you did is sweep 273 nations off the table.
This is my country too.
You know, I got it.
Yeah.
He, he, he I had a lot of teeth.
Luckily you guys can see that he's saying Denmark right off the bats.
Everybody but China and Russia to go fuck themselves.
That's very smart.
Now it's a three person race.
This is my 2020 bit starting right now.
Uh,
Clare, how would you go about pitching America under a Trump presidency to an alien race?
Oh, Jesus.
Well, can I first, I'll give you time to think while I refine, because I think that's a good
question to ask me, and it's like, the Martians, the Martians, no, no, no, I mean, his question
to me about refining the question, I'm not hijacking your question.
You guys love to watch me be a bad person, and you're just like, he's being a bad person,
it's like you're projecting it a little bit, I'm a bad host, but I'm not a bad person.
I'm helping her by saying like, okay, here's what the Martians, I'll answer that, here's
what the Martians are looking for.
The Martians are looking for, they want to, they want Earth to, they want it to, they
want to plug and play, they want to like walk away from it, they want to, they're going to
use their bombs, or what a Martian raised, to wipe out all but one country, thinking
that that country will then be the only country on this place called Earth.
And their goal is, they're looking for the country that represents the best of what the
human species has to offer, intergalactically, there, take it.
So I would definitely take them in and out first.
Oh, there you go, yeah, take them out to a nice lunch, show them a burger.
Exactly.
There you are.
I mean, if we're looking at like, if they want to keep, say, Earth is going to be like
this sort of zoo, not zoo, that's going to be awful, that's going to be an awful way
to get into it.
No, it's not going to be a zoo, it's going to have to, it's going to have to trade with
them.
I mean, so they're looking for a collaborator, otherwise they just blow us up and put like
a, they put a Martian in and out there, but they, they're saying like, well, you guys
are, you're blocked, you're arguing with each other, you can't agree, you've got some
people thinking that you should put a tarp on your, on the female half, and you've got
other people thinking that cars are more important than bullets, and bullets are more important
than feet.
Like, like, you can't figure out your value system, you don't have any kind of, you need
to get into the Star Trek mode of like, each planet has a gimmick, each gimmick is like,
we like war, we like logic, we like the color green, like, like all we're hearing when we
listen to Earth is a bunch of static, we're looking for the country that's going to like,
you know, next, we're going to, we're going to blow everybody else up, let the one country
repopulate so that it's like their language, their culture, their, you know, their history
will become, you know, their, their curation of the previous history before everyone got
blown up, like all of that shit, next time we come back around, those people, that country
will be the planet, and so who's it going to be?
Why should it be America?
I think it's because we have the raw tools to do it.
If you look at America compared to everybody else, and I know considering this election
was one because of like, from the help of a white nationalist movement, I think of what
sets America great is our capacity for diversity, that we can like point at, I know, but we
can point, we can point at, yes.
If the aliens were going to have like, dinner party meetings with every nation, who would
you invite?
What Americans would you be like, oh, I'm going to have these celebrities, and we're
going to serve this, and the music's going to be this.
You know what you do?
You just have the aliens.
This is when I would punt to my producer.
If you're me, you just say, aliens, we're going to have, we're going to sit down, we're
all going to go to Dentana's, and you're going to meet, you're going to meet Aerosmith,
and they're just going to tell you some fucking awesome rock and roll stories, and then you
get them real high, and then you steal their resources.
Well, I guess if it's just like a face-to-face meeting, I would probably hire more character
actors than anything.
Who's the guy with the big mustache from the big old-
Dennis Farina.
Sam Elliott.
Sam Elliott?
Yeah.
I wonder what a commercial by Sam Elliott for Earth would sound like.
I'm Sam Elliott for Earth.
It's not what's for dinner.
We're not a steak, we're a planet, but America is the potatoes on that plate, because marketing
research has proved that you eat the potato first, and then Sam Elliott just stabs everybody.
I would say to them, I guess, given my criteria, I would say, but you would do it as Rosie
Perez.
I would say to them, well, look, we've been trying to do what you're talking about for
a long time, like blowing everybody else up and taking their place.
We might not be the best candidate for the job, but at least we know what you're talking
about when you pitch it.
You pick China, you might come back, and they're just like, we love being China, and like half
the planet just sitting there, fucking go with America, man.
Hello, I'm Sam Elliott for America.
Our Chinese food is better than China.
They eat any fucking thing over there.
We cold it down to the good stuff.
And then he stabs everybody.
There's only one country in the planet Earth that has murder vans, and it ain't America.
Also, oh shit, look, it's Aerosmith.
We're the only country that has Aerosmith, so fuck everybody else.
All right, I think we should thank our marketing people from Carrot.
We'll cheap the award.
Thank you.
Carrot Creative, everybody.
Claire and Anthony.
Now, Steve, is that why you came out to bring the Carrot people out?
I didn't know how to get them out, but I was happy to be a part of this...
Steve, you're staying.
Exercise conversation.
Can you just stay up here?
You're like a little sleepy hoodie gnome right now.
Harmon works Steve so hard.
Because Steve...
That he's constantly sleeping.
This Steve's job is to make it easier for me to do more things.
Steve's job...
Our crowd's funny as we are right now.
I disagree with him completely.
Based on that, I would have agreed with him five minutes ago, that Steve's job thing.
You should be able to let that over the plate.
Have you guys...
You shouldn't get that excited about sounds.
Sorry.
Have you guys been doing any role-playing?
No, not since Harmon Quest yesterday.
But on the show, on Harmontown, no, we have not done any shadow runs or any pathfinder
in a long time.
Sorry.
Since you're replacing Spencer, do you want to do a little DM for a second?
Do you want to be our Dungeon Master?
I mean, Aaron, I know that you try to shy away from game-playing.
He had to be passed out with a mustache on an ottoman.
That Lion Award, just the trophy, I'm not talking about the honor of receiving it.
Just talking about the trophy itself.
It's not able to sit on anything.
It says to you, hang me on a wall or go fuck yourself.
Now, that's good marketing.
Oh, really?
Does it?
Oh, it balances on the pause!
Dan, I'm so happy I was here for that breakthrough.
I just love that the answer also is cute, that it's a lion, but then it's a little pause.
Do you, Dan, or do you, Aaron, want to decide what kind of realm we're in, what kind of
game we're playing?
The Sharpie Quark?
Throwback?
Sharpie Quark?
Throwback.
Steve will enter at some point.
We now take you to the old school of early days D&D slash Pathfinder.
You find yourself Sharpie and Quark.
We did it!
We found ourselves!
Is there a last week, or is it, like, this is when Spencer would say what happened.
Do you want to do a wrap-up?
Previously on Harmontown, Sharpie and Quark fought two giant hydras wearing hats.
The hats contained puzzles, and it took them a long time to complete the puzzles, but they
successfully completed those puzzles, and now they have found themselves in the shoot-a-cores
realm.
They, after walking down an incorrect door, have now found themselves in a wet room, surrounded
by small objects.
This is Harmontown, or what did Spencer say this week on Heart, what is Lou?
Well, he would, well...
What would he do?
He would say, sometimes you'd say, last time on Harmon Time.
Oh yeah, last time on Harmon Time, but will they find themselves out of the wet room containing
small figurines, each figurine detailed and odd.
What secrets did the figurines contain?
Who owed them previously?
What are they worth?
You're kind of going from recap to wrap-up, which...
It sounds like, it sounds like we just had an adventure.
Now you're going to say, you learned it from sleeping with me, because I always start sex
by telling them how I had sex with them last time.
Yeah, and just apologizing.
But will you now, and then I go to sleep?
How many apologies constitute a relationship?
Okay.
You're in a wet room with small figurines.
We're in the wet room, we're in the wet room, okay, you find yourselves in a wet room surrounded
by figurines.
All right, Sharpie, I have detect magic, so I detect magic on the figurines.
You do that.
You see there are two figurines on the far right side of the square room that are shaped
like clowns, and you detect magic on them.
Do I detect good magic or evil magic on these?
Let me roll.
You don't know, you just know there's magic.
All right, I take one of the figurine clowns in my hand and I toss the other one to Sharpie.
That happens.
All right, I walk toward him and I hold my clown figurine towards his clown figurine,
and we make them like kiss.
When you're making them kiss, you see their eyes glow red, and you smell something that
smells like burning rubber, and you hear a cackling.
Duh.
SpongeBob SquarePants.
To your right, you see SpongeBob SquarePants licensed character from the Cartoon Network.
I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready.
Is that a reference to SpongeBob?
Yeah, he's nailing SpongeBob right now.
It's Sharpie's turn.
I approach this young kkknave.and say, Prithee, Gramercy's Renfairee talk.
We are two explorers that have lost our way.
Are you native to this realm?
No.
Looking at SpongeBob, you see that he's wearing tattered clothing.
His shorts are not as you would expect them to be.
It seems like he's been through some sort of war or siege.
Oh, God, can you imagine how long it would take to waterboard SpongeBob?
You poor thing.
But we're bringing it back, we're bringing it back, because a lot of these guys, I'm
sure they did something wrong anyway.
I say to SpongeBob, I say to SpongeBob, we heard your cackling, are you friend or foe?
Friend?
I sense his equivocation, and I pull out my emerald dagger.
All right, let me roll that.
But I don't use it.
I just pull it out.
I say, whoa, man, I mean, somebody can be not sure they're your friend and still be
a good person.
Right, yeah, I'm using Bluff right now.
Oh, yeah.
Did I kind of blow that for you?
Yeah, I think the icing's off that cupcake now.
Yeah, well, you always do fuck things up, because you're too soft.
Fuck this guy.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
As you say, fuck this guy, all of the figurines in the room, including clowns and children
kissing, and because precious moments figurines and angels and small lions and birds and
a butterfly, all of their eyes glow red, and the lasers from their eyes meet in the middle
of the room into a pyramid, and you hear it buzzing.
Uh, guys, we've got company.
I cast Mystic Smoke Bomb.
All right, hold on a second.
Because what you don't know is that Dan and I have anti-smoke bomb goggles that we can
see through the smoke, but nobody else can, unless they have a will-save of 22.
That happens.
All right.
Casting Smoke Bomb, the smoke fills the room, Spongebob is disoriented for a second, but
we can go-
Whoa.
You should get experience points for also doing the face, as far as I know, because
I've never heard the cartoon, but I know Spongebob when I see him.
He's really vanilla.
He's transformed.
Yeah.
Using your smoke goggles, you see on the far side of the room, a hatched door with an
intricate lock.
Sharpie, you have-
I cast Intricate Key.
All right, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Waving my hands in a magical manner.
That works, using Intricate Key, the hatch unlocks, revealing a tunnel that is lit with
green light.
I dive through the tunnel.
Diving through the tunnel, you feel your clothing changing.
Uncanny Dodge Imitation, he becomes a Pontiac.
The dads of the world rejoice.
I open up the driver's door and get inside Sharpie.
Getting inside your friend, getting inside your friend, you examine the inner workings
of his.
I put the Pontiac Sharpie into drive and I hit the gas pedal through the tunnel.
Through the tunnel, you feel your clothing change.
Your clothes, what was Sharpie before?
A person.
Him, you mean, right, Quark.
Quark, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Quark, you feel yourself, your clothing changes into a red leather jumpsuit.
Your shoes become beautiful black shoes.
I start singing a print song.
Purple droplets drop down from the top of the tunnel.
As you get through the tunnel, you find yourself in a darkly lit living room, all of the furniture
upholstered with leopard, and in the corner is a man, a quiet man, small of stature, but
great of sexuality.
Dudley Moore?
Hello.
Well, I'm still a car, so I just say vroom, vroom.
You don't have to be a car anymore if you want to go back into not-
But you're in this room, you're no longer a car.
Do you get out before I turn into a person?
I can't breathe.
My gallbladder.
You're a full scart for life by this process.
I use my emerald dagger to carve my way out of his body.
Oh, Jesus.
That's fine.
Anything but this.
His feet are on my appendix.
I plop out, and I use my green potion of healing to heal up the wound that I left.
That happens, and is effective.
Who are you people?
We were about to ask you that very question.
You look at him and recognize him as an androgynous superstar, sexuality, sex.
You realize that you are in the afterlife, and this is, in fact, the posthumous prince.
But not that prince, the prince of the scar glue realm, whose laws restricted people for
years and years.
You have a lot of beef against this person, but you know that he is a dangerous prince,
but he models himself after a prince.
The artist.
The artist, formally, and then.
Did you ask us a moment ago who we are?
I did.
Ask it again.
Who are you people?
The two guys about to kick your shit.
And I link hands with Sharpie, and we do that weird like something, we kind of caress thumbs.
And magical energy emanates because of our spell of friendship.
Friendship!
You notice movement in prince's pants.
Well, I'm going to hit you with my magical dick.
This produces a fermented elephant's dick in a jar.
It is disgusting, but also majestic.
I use it.
I go to hit them with it.
I'm sorry.
How are you using this?
Are you going to like...
Be really specific.
Yeah, I need to roll for a specific fish.
It's like, it's cut off from the body, right?
So it's just like something I can hold like a mallet.
You got a magical pickled elephant's dick in a jar.
It's like a curio.
Well, I unscrew the jar, I take the giant dick out, I hold it like a mallet.
What?
I'm joking.
And then I charge at Sharpie, no, I charge at where their hands meet and try to destroy
the link.
Okay.
All right.
Hold on.
I'm going to be using at Sharpie and Quirk's meeting.
I've never seen this side of you.
Sharpie takes 12 damage.
Quirk uses dodge and he takes no damage.
I tumble away and I pull out, I still have my emerald dagger in my hand, which I believe
has now a keen edge to it dealing more damage.
And I, as I roll, I roll and I try to slice him in the leg.
Rolling in slow motion like the Matrix.
Quirk slices his leg.
Well, hold on.
For our listeners, he's just pantomiming dice right now.
Does anybody here have dice on them?
You do?
Yes.
Get him up here.
I'll take those dice, baby.
At least a D20.
Let me see.
Let me have those dice.
Why are you just sitting there?
Where?
I asked that question pretty certain that somebody was going to have these dice.
Is he going to his car?
What's happening?
All right.
Continue.
Okay.
Roll.
All right.
Okay.
You.
Are you there?
Oh, thank you.
In a small black velvet pouch, a man comes up from the audience producing a small, velveteen
pouch.
Okay.
You find dice in them.
So, so you, you try to slice at the ankle.
I aim for the first leg to try to cut him with my dagger.
Okay.
With a keen edge.
You do not slice his leg, but you braise it showing that you are business.
I braise it.
Yeah.
You, you, you, I, like, meaning I can a welding fashion or I make like a nice roast out of
it.
There.
Where's this guy?
I have more pouches.
Not to be outdone.
Unless you think nerds don't have their own hierarchy.
An alpha nerd with a tense ponytail or full on man bun just came up with a much larger
equally black velvet sack bulging with millions of dice.
It couldn't be more or less phallic.
Yeah.
I'm being presented with sacks of increasing size.
Okay.
Fine.
So, I, I lightly braise him.
I lightly braise his leg and I put a little shallots on there, a little white pepper,
a little olive oil.
That happens.
And I, I, I, I, I cast a preheat to 350.
All right.
Hold on.
Uh, that, there's like a slight heat, but it doesn't do anything.
Ah, shit.
It was a critical fail.
I'm just waiting now for like a dune pilot to float up and put a giant asthma inhaler
on the table.
Suddenly, the floor turns into bandanas, thousands and thousands of bandanas.
Oh no.
My kryptonite.
You all fall, you feel yourselves, all three of you feel yourselves falling through the
realm of bandanas and into a new room that resembles a pumpkin.
Do we, the inside of a pumpkin, like we're inside a giant pumpkin?
I mean, how could a room resemble the outside of a, how well inside a pumpkin would you
know it was a pumpkin?
This is, you really aren't nailing Spencer, you fall through the bandanas and, and Prince
has disappeared.
It's just the two of you.
Okay.
You don't know where he's gone.
That was a close call.
We almost got beaten up by the Prince's craggledore.
I take the pumpkin seeds and I get some artisanal sea salt and I put them on a cookie sheet
and I bake the pumpkin seeds.
I'm in Spencer character right now.
There are no pumpkin seeds.
Oh.
And you start to hear a faint singing.
I examine my, I listen.
You are my fire, the war, desire, cliffhanger, Steve Levy, Jeff Davis, Erin McGathy, give
her a hand, Lucas, thank you, Lucas.
Our chariot friends, our marketing chariot, our, our, our, our, our dice wielders.
Thank you so much everybody.
That's been Hamilton.
I'm Jeff Davis.
The black guy that had to sit behind the tall guy.
The black guy that's happened to be the tall white guy, if that's not a metaphor for the
current state of America, we're all the black guys sitting behind a tall guy now.
I'm Jeff Davis.
I should marry Dan Harmon, drive fast, take chances.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.
Feral Audio.